Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, hello there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Matt Huss III: Okay. How are you, I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doing good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How things been going
Matt Huss III: pretty nuts, actually.
Matt Huss III: Last week we were leaving, like in the next couple days and then we were going to leave the six and then he changed it to like two or three weeks out from
Matt Huss III: Last week and then today. Again he changed it back to
Matt Huss III: The six or seven
Matt Huss III: That we're getting a truck. So I think it's I think it's pretty. I think it's definite this time.
Matt Huss III: That we're, you know, going to load up a truck on the six and then take off the seventh in the morning or, you know, depending on how fast it takes a little truck. I don't know. We don't have much. We're not taking much with us. So, um,
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I feel, I feel like kind of like just
Matt Huss III: Like I've been
Matt Huss III: I haven't felt the cabin fever. Like, I thought I would with being trapped
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: And the house but
Matt Huss III: I know that's because of my essays. I've been able to sit at my desk and just keep my mind completely occupied
Matt Huss III: All day on these papers.
Matt Huss III: So that's been a saving grace for me but
Uh,
Matt Huss III: Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I missed that piece. What did you say about grades.
Matt Huss III: Oh, it's the papers have been a saving grace for me as far as cabin fever and, you know, locked up and
Matt Huss III: Trapped. But, um, it sucks kind of feeling like in limbo like not sure whether you know I'm going to be here for another
Matt Huss III: You know couple weeks week day or we're just going to pick up and take off tomorrow, you know,
Matt Huss III: It's crazy. Yeah, and that's given me really bad anxiety and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So understandable because there's one thing that we don't like is change. And when we know what's coming. We prepare for it. But when the information, you know, and the plans keep changing, then it's chaos.
Matt Huss III: Right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You feel it internally feel it mentally. You know, you don't know whether you're coming or going. I'm just kind of playing it by ear, which keeps you in that fighter fighter flight mode.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: All the time. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you have no idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So now the tentative plans are you guys are leaving on the six
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just a few days.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you excited about that or are you nervous about it.
Matt Huss III: I have
Matt Huss III: There's pros and cons to all things, um, you know, I have my kids in Florida, which, you know, I am so excited to see them, but it's not a good place to be for my addiction.
Matt Huss III: You know, which I'm not too worried about because I'm not gonna contact or be in touch with anybody from there that I used to talk to and stuff i mean i i deleted their numbers. I haven't talked to them, since I left.
Matt Huss III: For New Mexico.
Matt Huss III: It's gonna be tough. Like I was planning on going there and finding a job.
Matt Huss III: Until like it starts again at you and F because over 19
Matt Huss III: There's no jobs.
Matt Huss III: Like I just found out my my son's my ex wife and her boyfriend both got fired last week or the week before
Matt Huss III: Because virus and they just rented a house.
Matt Huss III: Apparently I just found this out today.
Ah,
Matt Huss III: So, and I've been trying. I've been constantly trying to get ahold of him.
Matt Huss III: You know, I wrote her a nice note saying, you know, I'm sure you're doing a good job about this, but are you making sure that your self.
Matt Huss III: Self isolating yourself Matthew and
Matt Huss III: You know, because
Matt Huss III: her family and her boyfriend. They're all Trump redneck conservative conservative, you know, so they all think it's a hoax. You know, or whatever. So I'm like, I just want to talk to Matthew and make sure that you're keeping them home and safe.
Matt Huss III: And yeah, as not
Matt Huss III: And that was like a week or two ago. And then I just texted her again. I called and texted her again today. Earlier today, and nothing so you know I can't, I don't know, that's getting kind of worrisome. Especially after what I heard about them losing their jobs and
Matt Huss III: You know, apparently they're going back and forth between this House and her mom's. I don't know. I don't know the situation, but like, and then I'm looking at my brother's face Facebook and him and his wife and kid or at the beach every day and stuff. I'm just like,
Matt Huss III: It's unbelievable. I feel like as soon as we get into Florida. I'm gonna start wearing those masks.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, some people are, you know, just trying to do everything they can to get out and get in the weather, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are some beaches that are closed that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are no allowing and
Matt Huss III: They finally did a statewide, national shut on a statewide state wide shut down, you know, where only the necessities are open like supermarkets and pharmacies.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: He wouldn't do it until literally just yesterday he did so Florida has become the next hotspot. It's going to be the next hotspot after New York is done.
That's worrisome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. And you guys are going right down in there.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, not, not where it's very bad right now. But eventually, like, because the worst of it isn't in Miami southern Florida and where we're going. Is Northeast Florida.
Matt Huss III: But it'll travel up eventually.
Matt Huss III: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And your daughter has her daughter.
Matt Huss III: She's good. I just talked to her today for a long time she's getting a little stir crazy
Matt Huss III: Because she's actually been self isolated.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, and she is finishing her semester of school online, like I am, yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so she's been she's been really good and looking forward to me come in there and
Matt Huss III: said we were going to start a painting together and
Matt Huss III: You know, get each other like when I when I told her I would get there and me and her are going to start like a routine and like
Matt Huss III: chores and
Matt Huss III: You know, and then some free time to ourselves to find to do something fun at a certain time and you know I'm thinking. So, at the same time as I need the help she also needs that structure and routine and stuff because
Matt Huss III: I grew up with my mom and
Matt Huss III: I got no discipline, no routine. No, you know,
Matt Huss III: I you know I i
Matt Huss III: I yeah I never had to do anything. You know, for myself, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that how it is for your daughter right now.
Matt Huss III: I'm assuming it is. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: I can probably
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is your daughter tell you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did she tell you
Matt Huss III: She doesn't say much about it. We don't talk about it because I don't want to say stuff like that to her.
Matt Huss III: But I asked her, you know, you're taking care of your dog right and
Matt Huss III: She's like, Yeah, I walk them and feed them and then my mom tells my dad or something. It's actually she feeds them but doesn't walk them and you know and so
Matt Huss III: She um
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I don't want her to
Matt Huss III: Become an adult like me and then not know how to deal with.
Matt Huss III: Responsibilities and stuff like I never learned to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, understandable understandable. Very much so. And so you're planning on going down there and getting into a structured routine with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is really good because I think you guys might motivate each other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I'm hoping.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that's, that's the idea. That's one panel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Good idea, that was a good idea. Tell me how your self regulating doing your papers online. Remember when we talked about it and you set up. No. Like, I probably couldn't do that. And now you're doing it.
Matt Huss III: Oh hello, um,
Matt Huss III: It's literally because of the shut in that it's, there's nothing else to do you know so and it's it's completely
Matt Huss III: Getting my head at getting me out of my head.
Matt Huss III: Mm hmm. So it's, yeah. So, I mean, I, I'm in under normal circumstances.
Matt Huss III: I would assume might be better than usual, but
Matt Huss III: Yeah, you know, who knows for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, the great part about it is, you're really building up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The pattern.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, even though it you know it's it's because of the quarantine or whatever the reason is it's being built right now. So you're being able to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The pattern of getting motivated and doing it.
Matt Huss III: Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see what I mean. And so it'll be different, you know when this thing is lifted and you're able to make the choice herself. It'll be almost uncomfortable that you don't if you don't do it or if you try to procrastinate, you know, go back to that old way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll feel the difference
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you will. And you'll think Oh, she was right. I'm building a new way of doing things, you know, regardless of why you're doing it. The issue is, is that it's being built.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't even know what
Matt Huss III: Kind of amazing
Matt Huss III: I didn't think about that. But yeah, so
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you'll be able to do more things you know like that or you won't have any you know that harvest issue you you'll struggle a little bit with procrastination, but not very much because you're building
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I see myself. I'm not. Yeah, I'm not fighting myself to do something, you know, because of this.
Matt Huss III: Because
Matt Huss III: You know, if I was my normal self. I would be going nuts, you know,
Matt Huss III: bouncing off the walls, you know, needing to get out or do something
Matt Huss III: But yeah, so
Matt Huss III: This is probably good timing for this to happen. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think so, you know, very much so. There's never really good time, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. What an opportunity you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what an opportunity to start build in you know those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those roads that you were struggling in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's kind of amazing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And with your daughter to. She's doing her schooling online. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You guys will be able to do homework together. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yep, that's the plan. We're going to have a time slot where we do homework. We're gonna have an hour of like
Matt Huss III: Painting or or reading or, you know, and then
Matt Huss III: Cup like time setup for chores like cleaning the kitchen or, you know, that stuff like that.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, so I haven't thought I completely through but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a plan for men, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good. Very, very good. You seem a lot better headspace and where you've been, what you were the last time that I talked to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Last week,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, yeah. Last week I was literally just so exhausted, um,
Matt Huss III: I did take it kind of easier than usual on my work on my reading I
Matt Huss III: Just because I I couldn't get myself motivated enough honestly
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: I did get some work done, but not as much as usual.
Matt Huss III: So I'm not that like I'm not
Matt Huss III: Yeah. Not like last time you saw me where I'm exhausted and fall asleep. As soon as I hit the bell. If you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: kind of tired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what, I'm a self care has to be first, you have to eat right sleep right you know those are vital pieces of what will allow you to, you know, do your homework to spend time with your daughter to be able to build this whole foundation that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're planning, you know, with her is pretty amazing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So tell me, how have you been drinking a lot of water.
Matt Huss III: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I fell short on one. Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about you're getting enough rest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay, good, good, good. Maybe that's what I see is the fact that you are getting enough rest you know because you do look refreshed. You do, you know, look in a better headspace than
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Than you did a week ago.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm starting to
Matt Huss III: Create a normal sleep schedule for myself to, you know,
Matt Huss III: Go to bed at nine fall asleep by 10 or 11 and then wake up again at eight o'clock, you know,
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: Whereas before, because of the shut in. I was like, I would wake up and
Matt Huss III: think to myself, Well, what the hell is the point of getting up, you know,
Mm hmm.
Matt Huss III: So I would sleep till God knows what time you know
Matt Huss III: Yeah, anyway, for I did that for, you know, a few weeks, actually, in the beginning, um,
Matt Huss III: So yeah, I feel better. Once I stopped doing that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. And your How are things with your roommate.
Matt Huss III: Besides decides what I was describing earlier. That's fine.
Matt Huss III: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't it, it's not stressful for you anymore.
Matt Huss III: I'm
Matt Huss III: Not right now.
Matt Huss III: We've been going on.
Matt Huss III: You know, Oh, um, but I'll let you know when we're settled something where you know yet. And then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if he planning on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is Where's he going to say when you guys get there.
Matt Huss III: With my mom and her boyfriend, they have
Matt Huss III: A
Matt Huss III: They have a four bedroom house.
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: Yes. So there's two extra bedrooms, one for me and one for my dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until oh
Matt Huss III: Okay, yeah, until we can find the apartment or something for and
Matt Huss III: Death is going to come with me and my dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's happy.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah. She says she says, that's great. She's excited about it. As long as she's close enough to hang out with your friends.
Matt Huss III: And go to the same school
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, they
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't like change it changes hard, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and Lord don't take her away from her friends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's. Oh, no, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. Anyway, they are kids are, you know,
Matt Huss III: I've never, I've never had that experience. So I don't know what it's like to be like that, you know, to want this data somewhere with around people, you know, so I don't really get it but
Matt Huss III: She I can see how adamant. She is about it. So yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's kind of crazy because it's the hardest part of their growing up is the building relationships and friends and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The talking behind their back and being hurt because of this friend or that friend and, you know, finding out that that friends that your friend and you know it just waiting it all out. But man, it is definitely a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Struggle, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To watch your kid go through you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know that kind of stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you your daughter might be fortunate and might have solid friends.
Matt Huss III: She does actually she didn't for a while. It was like, if he for a while, but now
Matt Huss III: Now she does.
Matt Huss III: Like yeah
Matt Huss III: Now she has one like tight little group.
Matt Huss III: That are good people. I think
Matt Huss III: That aren't
Matt Huss III: People off the deep end or something, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, like minded.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like minded.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm
Surprised
Matt Huss III: All of them. Don't you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I did it.
Matt Huss III: I did. I don't, I don't know. I don't get how somebody at 16 1718 years old.
Matt Huss III: Doesn't rebel against you know authority or, you know,
Matt Huss III: Society and, you know, and go through that phase where everything's about me. Everything's for my pleasure, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and you know maybe she has gone through it or or maybe she's going to be one of the ones that doesn't have to go through it and just, you know, conforms and complies you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's cool either which way you know well that way is definitely a lot easier than the other way. But, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just depends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely. It just depends.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Peer pressure's bad bullying is bad men. If you don't, if you are out of that realm and you don't have to deal with that kind of stuff, you know, gosh, that's awesome.
Matt Huss III: You know, yeah, there was one school. We had to take her out of because she was being bullied so much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's horrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Um, and so everything has been just trudging along you got your guys's stuff sold in your state sale so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're good to go.
Matt Huss III: I'm sorry, you're the my phone Bluetooth just connected to the car outside
Matt Huss III: So I don't know. So I didn't hear anything. You just said.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh, I just totally lost my train of thought.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did I just ask you
Matt Huss III: The last thing I remember saying is, you know,
Matt Huss III: They'll either go off the deep end or conform and not have to, you know, but then that was the last I heard
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was asking if you got everything sold in this state sale that you needed to get
Matt Huss III: Rid of, oh, you may be
Matt Huss III: The estate sale never happened.
Matt Huss III: Oh, that's why. That's one of the reasons why this whole thing has been a nightmare because
Matt Huss III: Because of the coronavirus the guy backed out and is not doing any estate sales for, you know, during the coronavirus
Matt Huss III: So what happened is somehow he got ahold of these people that flip houses.
Matt Huss III: And they came
Matt Huss III: They offer to cash settlement and for the house and for all the furniture that we leave in the house and we leave
Matt Huss III: Yeah. Wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That rocks.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Totally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, very easy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody needs to have it that easy when they move
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, to me,
Matt Huss III: But they're making out like bandits, you know, he's got so much nice stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ah, so they kind of lowball them.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, definitely.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: You know I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: happy with the outcome. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: He's yeah he's he's content and happy with the outcome. Um, so
Matt Huss III: That's all the matters, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. How have you been doing with your journaling.
Matt Huss III: I'm, I'm still at the point, like I told you last time I have two entries
Matt Huss III: A short one and a long one. And then I've got so
Matt Huss III: Um, and then I and then things got a little muddy and then actually last night and group. I brought it up again as because she was going around asking one thing that each of us is going wants to do differently or try and I was like, I'm gonna I've been I talked to my talking to my therapist.
Matt Huss III: We think it's a good thing to try journaling it now. So
Matt Huss III: I'm going to try to do that. Um, it's just
Matt Huss III: Yeah, just trying to learn a new habit. Right now it's
Matt Huss III: Yeah, it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep, it's tough. It's not like you know you can just pay. It's not like school work or work, you know, is it something different. So getting motivated to be able to do that can be tough, you can
Matt Huss III: Oh yeah, well I was I was more referring to, like, if I knew like
Matt Huss III: Where I was living or like how long I was like, if I wasn't in this like
Matt Huss III: State of
Matt Huss III: Mind where I'm just not sure what's happening every like every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, every day, every minute.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, getting up and leaving tomorrow or we stay in another day, you know, wake up, moment by moment now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you been able to get outside much
Matt Huss III: Um, yeah, I mean, I'll go to the grocery store. If you're in there or the gas station.
Matt Huss III: That's about it the pharmacy Navy.
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: Yeah, like, but like I said I'm for some reason.
Matt Huss III: I've been able to keep my
Matt Huss III: Depression under control because of my
Matt Huss III: All the reading and papers that I have to write so
Matt Huss III: I don't know why. Never been like that in the past. I wouldn't, I would have been shut down long time ago by now. If it was, if this was the case.
Matt Huss III: You know, if I was still using or
Matt Huss III: Yeah, earlier on in my recovery.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I don't know what what has changed in that in that whole process but whatever you're doing is working. So, you know, keep doing it for sure, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Makes a difference.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When how's the weather. Been there.
Matt Huss III: Beautiful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've been able to enjoy getting out taking these walks, going to the store doing just good good good ANY WORD FROM from the girl.
Matt Huss III: Though no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You never talked to her.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah. I forgot. Again, and it's okay.
Matt Huss III: I'll try. I'll try again. When I go to Florida.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't blame me, it's probably not a good time to try to start
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: dating somebody anyways. Right now, when you're
Matt Huss III: Moving. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So what are your plans to stay away from people, places and things when you go to Florida.
Matt Huss III: Well,
Matt Huss III: The self isolation thing will make it pretty easy. In the beginning
Matt Huss III: But
Matt Huss III: I have to get a vehicle, because I'm going to, I think, my dad's done going to college, you know, whereas, I'm going to continue
Matt Huss III: So I have to go up to Jacksonville, at least, you know, three times a week or five times a week. I don't know what my class schedule is going to be, but
Matt Huss III: So I'm just going to stick to, you know, going to school coming home or staying hopefully my side job is going to be a job at the school like tutoring.
Matt Huss III: Which I have always loved doing that. That's always been my favorite job.
Matt Huss III: So hopefully I'll be able to do that again.
Matt Huss III: Because I know I can't work in a restaurant anymore.
Matt Huss III: It's too much to
Matt Huss III: Too many triggers and too many factors that just
Matt Huss III: And badly.
Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yeah. And then, you know, come home, spend time with
Matt Huss III: Deaths and
Matt Huss III: Do home. I'm going to have a ton of homework. Apparently I like, which I didn't realize until this semester.
Matt Huss III: Work. Hi. I have to do so, you know,
Matt Huss III: My ex wife is calling me right now. That's where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to message her and tell her, you'll be with her and if you
Matt Huss III: Know, I'll just, I'll just
Matt Huss III: I'll um
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One second. Actually, since she's okay, especially since she's been so hard to get in touch with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give her a response.
Matt Huss III: Sorry. Okay. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. Yeah. Somethings better than nothing. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Especially when she's been so hard to get in touch with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so back to how you're going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay safe when things start getting tough in Florida, it's better that you have something in place before you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you think about it and have an action plan in place before you go. So when and if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The situation arises, you have something to fall back on, you know,
Matt Huss III: I, I guess. I don't know what my options are as far as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I mean, there's several different things you can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you can certainly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Reach out, do you know when it's over people there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got to develop sober support system.
Matt Huss III: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Got to develop you
Matt Huss III: Start going to na meetings out there.
Matt Huss III: You know, get a sponsor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. That's a good plan. If you do it.
Matt Huss III: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gotta do it.
Matt Huss III: Okay.
Matt Huss III: Do the virus is gone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Do you have any
Matt Huss III: But before we were shut in here. I had a sponsor and was going to meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you haven't been in contact with your sponsor since you've been quarantined.
Matt Huss III: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe that's a phone call that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You should probably think about making maybe that's a phone call, you should probably think about making
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, he might have some ideas.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely something definitely something to bounce off of have him on, you know, and maybe he knows, maybe he knows a cat has a connection down there for you. You know that you don't even know yet, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You never know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of crazy how that works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You think about it, what you're going to start going to na again, you're going to get a new sponsor down there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try to stay around healthy server people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're changing going to be changing the structure of your routine.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your daughter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so you have a lot of a lot of changes that are coming
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So instead of focusing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On the what ifs of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Focus on the, why can I have it.
Matt Huss III: Why can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We get sometimes when changes going on, especially a lot of change, like what you have going on. We get so stuck in fear and so stuck in the what ifs, that it holds us back from moving forward. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you start having if he's having those thoughts really pay attention to the question, you know, why can I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you know what's stopping me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's the fear about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I make sense. You know, it could be a fear of rejection or a fear of success.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But really just kind of pay attention to, to that. And if you get start getting into that, you know, headspace that is self defeating
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And pick up your old pickup. Ask your sponsor you know in Mexico. If you could possibly keep them as a lifeline until you get connected with somebody down there and and you know, make it a point to call them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, every after, after you go to a meeting or even in times when you know you're going through the negative thought process of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what, if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And see about letting have him letting you process through the whole thing to get to the other side. So you can see that there's nothing to fear. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, it makes a difference when you have somebody to bounce it off of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I've never had. I've never
Matt Huss III: You know, in the moment, if I'm feeling if I'm craving something or feel like I need to take something I've never read up but he like in the moment, you know,
Matt Huss III: Something I really do try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if you were doing it when you weren't struggling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On a day to day basis, then the idea is, it doesn't always happen this way. But the idea is, is that you it'll be easier to do it when you're struggling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But again, that's not always how it goes. We'll call you know we'll pick up the phone and call somebody when things are going good. And we have nothing to report, but the minute that we're stressed and we really need somebody will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sit in it and not make that call.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hear excuses as I don't want to burden. Other people with my problems or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know they've got enough going on in their life. They don't need to deal with mine or, you know, but in reality.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's exactly what needs to happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So be careful of those mind traps.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have those jobs, don't you. Oh, yeah.
Matt Huss III: Without a doubt. Oh.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, you know, definitely. And it's really something to pay attention to and just start making those changes. I mean, you're changing everything else. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why not start you know changing and implementing these types of behaviors so that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're already actively in place, you know. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I don't want to go there and just
Matt Huss III: Sit around writing papers all day. You know, like here. I want to go there and
Matt Huss III: You know, get up and
Matt Huss III: You know, yeah. Live normally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We'll see how that goes. But normally, what's that are
Matt Huss III: Just getting up
Matt Huss III: Eating breakfast.
Matt Huss III: Doing having a routine of things to do.
Matt Huss III: You know, just not just
Matt Huss III: Sit sitting on my desk and then go and have a cigarette. Every time I need a break. You know, and then back to my desk, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because you got to have that that interaction.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know whether you think you do or not. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important you know we talked. We've talked before where you didn't have those things when you were growing up and you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now that you're an adult. It's important that you work on building those connections, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tibor it's important
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have, there's two two assignments this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That one to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One is make one entry in your in your journal
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't care what it's about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't care if it's babble. I don't care if it's about a you know a situation that's happening, you're struggling with or something that makes you happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something that frustrates you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the second thing is, is to reach out to your current sponsor and have just a connected conversation with him about your move.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and if he'd be willing to stay connected with you while you're going through the transition to, you know, find and build down there. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And stay on your sleep pattern stay in your sleep schedule because it's working.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. You can see I can see the difference in your anxiety I see the difference in your depression I see the difference in your presence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you can tell that you're, you're definitely well rested and you're feeling, you know, you're feeling pretty all right right now.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, getting there getting almost
Matt Huss III: Normal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, what is normal.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's no such thing.
Matt Huss III: Nothing compared to, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Absolutely. There's nothing to compare it to Google and even back in the day when they did claim that there was a normal. It really wasn't normal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now you know when you look back on it, it's like, oh God, they had so many, you know, skeletons in their closet.
Matt Huss III: I guess I'm
Matt Huss III: Hoping that I'll go back to like before high school where I didn't have this anxiety and depression and addiction issues. You know, I just keep hoping that will happen one day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, so you got to stop setting yourself up that way. And, you know, get to that point of accepting the fact that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These are a piece of who you are. It's a piece of your life and you can never go back and be somebody you used to be but you can certainly work towards being a better version of what you're used to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so instead of, you know, wishing that you didn't have these things except the fact that you do and move forward with them, right, because we think that there's such a burden, and there they feel like such a burden.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But when they're managed, they're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like somebody you would consider normal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably struggles with depression and anxiety to and is probably, you know, secretly seeing a therapist to help them through those types of things as well, or you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. So definitely, we're not made perfect. This world is certainly not perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So whatever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Normal is we're in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're normal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Time.
That's depressing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you know what I think.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that we are you know a smart. Lot of people, I think that we definitely have to learn things the hard way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that that makes us extra resilient.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's some qualities. So you've got to look for the qualities in it right or you'll stay, you know, in that whole mindset that it's all negative and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Life does not have to be negative, even with depression and anxiety and addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Certainly not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, that is the normal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got your wish.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You wish you could be normal and you are normal. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: mindset that you need to change. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There it towards that piece because there's nothing wrong with you, you know. And when you have that mindset that I wish I could be different than who I really am.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That plays a factor in your self esteem piece and we're trying to get that that up to par Right. We're not trying to keep it under wraps. But we really want to, you know, change the that thinking process so that you you know don't think that you are abnormal from other people.
Because they're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Matt Huss III: Well, I feel like, you know, especially when I'm at school. You know, it's probably just me. It's probably just all in my head, but I feel like I am just so
Matt Huss III: Different than all the kids around me, you know, and just
I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's probably because you've always had that mindset, you know, even as even younger you had that mindset.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, why would somebody want to hang out with me. It's okay. I'm better off alone. I mean, I can already. You haven't even told me that just have some of the things that go inside your head, but I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I better off without people. Anyways, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just think about, that's what you want to veer veer away from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know is that piece because you have to get to a point where you believe in yourself. You believe in what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you believe that you are good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you believe that you are good enough. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's the plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you go when you go to Florida. You can just kind of walk in and say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here's clean and sober Matthew
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'm going to rock these meetings and I'm going to fly through school with no problems or raise my daughter, to the best of my ability.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah. I think this time I'm actually gonna
Matt Huss III: Stay on the right track.
Matt Huss III: I am confident of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta go with the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. You keep that confidence in it. Keep it. You know what I mean. Don't let it go. When you start having fear, pick up the phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because fear is exactly what it is. And remember that fear will can take a mean it can lead you right back. And that's what you want to stay away from. There's nothing to be afraid of. You've been doing this, you know, long enough over a year now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Matt Huss III: I don't
Matt Huss III: Know that you can do it.
Matt Huss III: It's right around
Matt Huss III: Maybe a little less maybe a little more not really sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well it's close. Right. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've been doing this repetitively for a while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you can do it doesn't matter what geographical move you make
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so here's my next question. When you go if you wind up going on the six
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you can still check in and come
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that we can figure out a game plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you and I are doing what we're working on.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm going to
Matt Huss III: Come to group and therapy at five o'clock, you know, on Thursdays and group at 730
Matt Huss III: Every week until they tell me I can't anymore. I'm just gonna keep doing it.
Okay.
Matt Huss III: Because I got to talk to my doctor about my medication because he gave me a month's worth
Matt Huss III: You know, a week ago so that I would have a month to find a new doctor in Florida. But now we're not leaving for two weeks. So I'm gonna have two weeks left when I leave
Matt Huss III: You know which kind of so I don't know what he can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's concerned, but he couldn't do it again. Did you remember what we don't freak out because remember we talked about this couple weeks ago call and make an appointment with one
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, there is one
Matt Huss III: Yeah, yeah, keep trying, but it's tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is tough, but don't give up on it and once you have an appointment, you know, and you can tell them you're in the process of getting connected. You've been calling several times.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your plan is to have an appointment in place before you go, but depending on how long that appointment out is your concern in your worry, you know, and see. But if you're going to come to group, then you'll still be able to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your medication for a while and you just explain that to them. I'm working on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, getting a place
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting an appointment with someplace. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have it in place before
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm hoping he might be able to send in another month script script that I can't fill you know until spend time and then you transfer it to Florida.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when I'm
Matt Huss III: Bill it if that's possible. I know I've transferred controlled substances from
Matt Huss III: New Mexico to Florida when I'm there visiting but never that so I don't see why would be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't see why you wouldn't be able to either. I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, probably anything's possible
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, Matthew, I'm gonna let you go. I've got somebody else here and I will see you next week. You have two assignments to do this week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and I'm looking forward to hearing the results.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next Thursday. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Have a great week, keep doing what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will talk to you next week.